This series is for entertainment purposes only.
All characters, behaviors, locations,
agencies, occupations,
and events are entirely fictional.
Nothing in the series is intended to encourage
or promote any real-life actions.
Viewer discretion is advised.
♫ The sky that seems so far away ♫
♫ And the sea that seems so vast ♫
♫ I just watch the waves all day ♫
♫ Knowing we can never meet ♫
♫ Our hearts that beat as one ♫
♫ But the world will never listen ♫
♫ We're just parallel lines
waiting for a miracle ♫
♫ Though the rules of this world
Forbid us from being one ♫
♫ This love is about you and me
And no one else ♫
♫ We don't have to tell the world
we're in love ♫
♫ We don't have to tell anyone
and make it messy ♫
♫ Let you be my world ♫
♫ Let's live in our own new world together ♫
♫ We don't have to tell the world
we're together ♫
♫ Because none of that matters at all ♫
♫ As long as our hearts are one ♫
♫ As long as you are with me ♫
♫ As long as we love each other ♫
♫ We don't have to tell anyone ♫
[Lover Merman — Only Nava]
[Previously]
Will you be my boyfriend?
Okay. Let's date.
If anything like that happens again, you have to tell me immediately.
I understand how you feel.
If something bad ever happened
to my own dear brother,
I'd feel the same way.
We grew up together, Than.
Do you really think Dad
would accept it if he found out?
Because what I'm going to do is keep on loving you.
Because I don't know
if I could ever love anyone else if it's not you.
I know you've been investigating
the concession rights and the mermaid hunters.
Drop it.
Why?
I will handle this myself.
You getting involved when you don't fully
understand the situation
will only cause problems for me.
It's just that since I moved here,
I've never seen Nava work
on a full moon day. Not once.
I just saw another merperson swimming that way.
Should we go take a look? I want to know who it is.
If we hadn't met in the water,
we never would have known.
I had a feeling the first time I met you, Ping,
I'm half-human.
My parents fell in love...
My mom didn't know my dad was a merman.
Are you staying here tonight?
I'm just keeping my promise.
[Phraphai]
It's not just a near miss.
I think I'm on a direct collision course
with you.
We've had a lot more customers this past month.
I think we should increase our alcohol stock.
We're running out fast.
Yeah, sure.
I'll talk to the mainland supplier myself.
What do you think about food supplies?
We should increase those, too.
But check the ingredient prices carefully,
or we'll end up taking a loss.
Yeah, I'll take care of that at the market.
Let's stick to the plan then.
Okay, I'll get going.
Yeah.
Do you want some orange cake? Aunt Son said it's your favorite.
No, thanks.
I heard you're going to restock the bar today.
Want me to come help?
That's okay. I can handle it.
Are you okay, Phana?
What do you mean?
It's just... the past few days,
you don't seem like you want to talk to me.
Did I do something to upset you?
Ping,
I think we should keep
some distance for a while.
I feel like we've gotten too close.
I'm worried about what people might think.
Who would think badly of us?
You and Nava are close too, right? Like siblings.
Nava and I grew up together.
But you...
you're my employee, and I'm your boss.
I don't understand.
Bosses and employees aren't usually this close.
I don't treat anyone else specially,
so why should I make an exception for you?
So you did think I was special?
No. I never thought that.
The reason we got so close was because I had just broken up with Namhom.
I was lonely. That's all.
Then let me ask you directly.
How do you feel about me, Phana?
I don't know.
How do you feel about me?
For me you're more than just my boss.
But I'm sorry for crossing the line.
Hey, what's wrong with you, Phana?
Nothing.
I'm just spacing out.
This is about Ping, isn't it?
I talked to him about us keeping our distance.
But I don't know if I did the right thing by telling him that.
Didn't you tell me you wanted to figure out your own feelings first?
Yeah.
But I still don't know how I feel.
All I know is... Ping has already developed feelings.
And I know I ended up hurting him.
But the worst part is,
I don't even know how I really feel about him.
Or if maybe, like you said, I was just using him to replace Namhom.
Maybe I don't really want Ping after all.
It's not wrong for you
to feel that way right now.
But I think you should give yourself a little more time.
Once you're sure about your feelings, then you can decide what to do.
Yeah, you're probably right.
I really haven't figured it out yet.
Phurich, I'm running a fever all of a sudden.
I have to go home early.
Is something wrong?
I'm home, Mom.
I brought you some desserts.
I'll leave them in the kitchen, okay?
Aren't you supposed to be at your internship?
Why are you back?
Don't tell me... they found out, did they?
That you're a monster.
If everyone finds out what you really are,
what am I supposed to tell them?
That my son's a freak?
But Ping is our child.
If I had a choice,
I wouldn't want a child like this!
Phana, I need to take one more sick day.
I already texted Phurich,
but he's on the mainland,
so he told me to let you know myself.
Have you taken any medicine?
Phana, are you okay?
You look stressed.
Oh, Ping just texted.
He's taking another sick day.
Is everything okay between you and Ping?
Why? Did you hear something?
I can tell just by looking at your face.
It's nothing serious.
I'm just not really sure
about my own feelings.
I don't know what's going on between you and Ping right now,
but I don't want to see you looking all sad and lonely like this.
If there's anything I can do to help,
please let me know.
Thanks.
Hello, Phana.
Oh, Phraphai.
What brings you all the way
out to the bar today?
I have something I need to discuss
with you and Nava.
You sound serious.
A little, yes.
Alright, I'll get straight to the point.
You've heard about
the merman sea concession, right?
Yeah, I've heard a little about it.
Humans have started hunting merfolk
on the island.
Several have been kidnapped...
some have even been killed.
My father and I are investigating it,
and we suspect it might be connected
to humans encroaching on merman territory.
So you're saying...
what happened 20 years ago could be happening all over again?
Possibly.
I can't say for sure yet.
We don't have enough evidence.
But this situation has already made all the merfolk on the island terrified.
When this happens, I don't feel safe at all.
Especially for Nava.
Phana, that's why I came to talk to you.
From now on, I'll be personally responsible for Nava's safety.
My safety? What do you mean, Phraphai?
Nava, from now on, I'll take you to and from work.
If you need to go anywhere, you tell me.
And at night, I'll have Met watch over you.
Why does it sound like you're putting me on probation?
Nava, please understand.
I'm only doing this for your safety.
Don't forget,
the one who suffered the most
from what happened 20 years ago was you.
I don't want anything bad
to happen to you again.
But...
I think you should do as Phraphai says.
I don't want to see you get hurt again.
Please take good care of him, Phraphai.
Of course.
In that case, I'll come by tonight
to pick you up.
Nava,
I'm really worried about you.
I'll be going now.
I'll be going then, Phana.
Nava,
I want to ask you something directly about Phurich.
Please be honest.
What is your relationship with him right now?
We're dating.
I know perfectly well that our kind
shouldn't get involved with humans.
Especially when it comes to love. It's forbidden.
But as...
as a being with a heart, just like them,
I'm asking to follow my own heart.
I understand, Nava.
But I still want you to listen to what Phraphai and I are saying.
At the very least, I want you to do as Phraphai says for now.
Just until we're sure that you're really safe.
Okay?
Nava, let's go home.
Uh... Phurich.
- I...
- Nava.
I'm here to pick you up.
What does that mean?
It's a personal matter.
I don't need to explain myself to you.
Let's go, Nava. We're going home.
What's going on, Nava?
I'm sorry.
With everything that's happening...
I just can't explain it to you right now.
But I promise,
when things get better,
I'll tell you everything myself.
You knew about this, didn't you?
Why are you doing this?
You have Phraphai picking Nava up
and dropping him off every day,
and you even have people watching his house.
What's your game here?
Trust me, Phu.
Phraphai and I have our reasons.
What reasons?
Or are you just trying to keep
Nava and me apart?
Calm the hell down.
Then why are you doing this?
You're acting like Nava's in danger.
He is.
Everything we're doing is to protect him.
What do you mean?
Who's trying to hurt him?
Calm down and listen to me, Phu.
Right now, no one has done anything to Nava.
But something might happen.
On this island,
there are a lot of complicated things going on,
and I can't explain everything
to you right now.
All I'm asking you to do right now
is trust me...
and trust Nava.
That's all I ask.
Then why does it have to be Phraphai?
Why can't you and I protect him?
You're like his real brother, aren't you?
Oh, Phu…
I don't know how to explain this to you.
Hello, Phana.
How are you feeling?
Still not much better.
Do you need anything?
I can have Lek bring it to the resort for you.
I came home two or three days ago.
I'm not at the resort.
You're not trying to avoid me, are you?
If I said yes...
that I really am avoiding you...
what would you do?
Would you not feel anything at all?
I...
I don't know.
Phana, I'd like to resign.
I'll take that as your acknowledgement.
What about your internship, Ping?
If you don't complete it,
how will you graduate?
Did you even think about yourself
when you made this decision?
Why do you care?
You always just say, "I don't know."
I'm just an employee to you.
So please, stop caring.
Yeah, fine.
If you think this is best,
then do whatever you want.
Go wherever you want.
I don't care anymore.
Okay. That's all, then.
It's been a while.
Oh, Silp! Hello.
Mind if I join you for a drink?
Of course not. Is this table okay?
- Perfect.
- Please, have a seat.
What can I get you to drink?
I'll have a brandy, please.
Maiek.
Yes?
A glass of brandy, please.
Got it.
So, how are you finding life on Koh Khen?
As far as living here, I'd say it's going well.
But as for understanding the place not quite.
How so?
I don't know.
I just feel like...
- Here you are.
- Please, enjoy.
Your brandy, sir.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
There's something strange about this place.
The stories, the people...
and so many things happen
that I don't understand.
It's like the people here are trying to hide something from outsiders.
Sometimes, not knowing everything is better for you.
Like I told you before, this island isn't suited for newcomers.
I guess you were right about that.
Ever since I got here, it's just been one secret after another.
And then there's that merman legend.
Didn't you once tell me you didn't believe in the merman legend?
It's not really about believing
or not believing.
It's just that these stories
keep popping up in my life
to the point where I can't just
ignore them anymore.
In that case,
why don't I tell you a little story
about Koh Khen?
A long, long time ago,
this island had another name.
It was called the Island of the Moon.
It was the dwelling place of a certain species
that we know and call "merfolk."
Normally, they live in the water.
When they are in the water,
their lower bodies have tails and scales,
just like fish.
But whenever they come up onto dry land,
they look just like ordinary humans.
However, they have one limitation.
What's that?
If they remain in their human form for too long,
marks start to appear on their bodies, similar to tattoos.
Right before the full moon.
Oh?
You've heard this part
of the story before, haven't you?
Just a little.
Good.
Those marks I mentioned are a warning sign.
They mean the blood in their bodies
is becoming toxic.
And during that time, they are forbidden from mating.
What they have to do is dive deep into the sea
on the night of the full moon
to cleanse the toxins
from their bodies using coral.
If they don't,
they'll be trapped
in their mermaid form forever.
In the past, the merfolk lived here peacefully.
Until humans began to settle on the island.
At first, humans and merfolk lived together in peace.
But as time went on,
humans, driven by their own greed and desire,
began hunting merfolk out of greed, obsession,
or whatever their reasons.
Hundreds of merfolk were killed and lost forever.
After that, merfolk and humans could no longer live together.
The ones who survived banded together to fight back against the humans.
But in the end,
they decided to no longer reveal their existence to humans ever again.
So, does that mean
there are no merfolk
living among humans anymore?
Actually, that might not be entirely true.
Because we just don't know who is a merman.
Perhaps even merfolk themselves
can't tell each other apart.
So, have you ever seen one?
As for that question...
when you truly believe that merfolk exist,
I'll answer you then.
Yes.
Phraphai, you drink here too?
Oh, no. I'm here to pick up Nava.
This area isn't very safe right now.
Nava.
You two know each other?
He's the son of the chief of this island.
There's no one here who doesn't know him.
Apparently, you're the only one
who doesn't know him well enough.
- Are you ready?
- Yes, all set.
Then let's head home.
Okay.
Silp, I'll be going now.
Go on.
Goodbye, Phurich.
See you later.
Let's go.
You and that boy...
It's not just
a boss-employee relationship, is it?
No.
You can drop me off here.
Goodbye, Silp. And thank you.
Is something wrong?
You've been at home for three weeks now.
Your internship wouldn't let you
take a break for this long, would it?
I quit, Mom.
Actually...
I'm thinking of taking a leave of absence
this semester.
But don't worry about the tuition.
I still have some savings.
So, they all know now, don't they?
That you're a monster.
"Monster" this,
"monster" that.
That "monster" you keep talking about...
is your son.
Let me ask you something, just once.
Since the day I was born...
have you ever loved me at all?
So I was right all along.
All this time,
Officail Website : kissasian.be  Translate by =Qari= @Team Viki
you've never even seen me as your son.
Did I have a choice?
I didn't have a choice!
I'm tormented every time I remember that my child isn't human!
And what about me, Mom?
Did I have a choice?
I didn't!
If you hate me this much,
why didn't you just kill me
and get it over with?
If I walk out of your life right now...
will you finally be happy?
Go wherever you want.
I don't want to deal with you anymore!
Nava.
Is your "big brother" not on guard duty today?
Phraphai had some business to attend to.
He said he'll probably be late.
How long do we have to keep this up?
It's been almost three weeks.
We're a couple, you know.
Don't you miss me at all?
Of course I miss you.
I miss you so much.
But I don't know what to do.
Can't you try to understand my situation?
And you?
Do you understand mine?
I know how suffocating this must be for you.
But I feel the same way.
But you're still choosing to listen to them
and ignoring how we both feel?
I'm sorry.
I guess I haven't done enough for you.
It's not your fault.
It's just that I miss you so much
that I don't know what to do anymore.
We see each other every day,
yet it feels like we're drifting further apart.
I'm sorry.
Nava.
Are you done?
Let me just take these things back inside.
Alright. I'll wait here.
I know how suffocating this must feel for you.
But I feel the same way.
Then why do you keep choosing to do
what others tell you,
without caring how we feel?
[]
May 14, 2018
Mom seemed to be in a really good mood today.
Probably because one of her
favorite movies was on TV.
It's the first time in years
I've seen her smile.
I'm so happy.
June 29, 2020
I got into university! I'm so excited.
Pitupong.
How should I tell Mom?
Will she be happy?
If she's happy, maybe she'll hug me.
February 9, 2024
If I could make just one wish...
I wish I could just have
one happy dinner with Mom.
Nava.
Are you sure you're okay sneaking out at this hour?
If Phraphai finds out, I'm not.
But I couldn't stand missing you anymore.
I want to be with you.
Even if I can't tell you everything right now,
I promise when things get better,
I'll tell you everything myself.
To be honest, it hurts every time I'm kept in the dark.
But what hurts even more...
is seeing you every day and barely
being able to be near you.
I don't want anything else...
just you.
♫ We don't have to tell the world
we're in love ♫
♫ We don't have to tell anyone
and make it messy ♫
♫ Let you be my world ♫
♫ Let's live in our own new world together ♫
♫ The world doesn't need to know
that we're together ♫
♫ Because none of that matters at all ♫
♫ As long as our hearts are one ♫
♫ As long as you are with me ♫
♫ As long as we love each other ♫
Phu.
Nava's at your house, right?
Come out.
Phraphai and I are at your door.
What's going on?
You have some nerve asking that.
Nava.
You're the one who told him
to run away, aren't you?
Phraphai, I...
I came to see Phurich on my own.
Nava.
We already talked about this, didn't we?
I'm only doing this to keep you safe.
You know how dangerous this situation is.
That's right, Nava.
We're worried about you.
But I feel trapped.
I'm suffocating like this.
Nava, I know you feel suffocated.
But I have to do this.
It's for your own safety.
This isn't a game, Nava.
Otherwise, I wouldn't have let Phraphai
go this far.
I'm sorry,
but can someone just tell me the truth?
What is going on?
You're all acting like someone
is trying to kidnap him.
If there's something going on,
shouldn't you just tell me?
Shut up. This isn't your business.
Or maybe nothing is going on at all,
and you're just trying to keep us apart.
Is this the best you can do?
If this is all you've got, it's pathetic.
I'm losing my patience.
An outsider like you needs to get out of here. Get out!
- Phraphai!
- Hey!
Phu, calm down.
Phraphai, please stop!
Nava, let's go home.
I can't let you stay with someone like him.
If you walk away with him right now,
you'll never see me again.
I've had enough of this!
Can I talk to Phraphai alone?
I'm sorry, Phraphai,
for talking to you this way...
but I'm dating Phurich now.
I've fallen in love with him.
I know...
everything you've done was for my own good,
but if you really care about me…
please let me follow my heart.
Mm.
Nava.
After hearing that...
what else can I say?
What I said might sound selfish,
but it's how I truly feel.
So...
you're choosing to be with Phurich?
Yes.
What about tonight, then?
We still have to shed our toxins together.
I'll go by myself tonight.
You don't have to worry.
Thank you for understanding.
Alright, we'll talk later.
I need to take this call.
Sure.
Yes.
Met, get in the car.
Hey! Phraphai! What's going on? Wait!
Phraphai!
What did you say, Lek?
Huh?
Who did you say came looking for me?
Dad!
Who did this to you? Who?!
This was the humans, wasn't it?
I'll take care of them.
♫ In love ♫
♫ Messy ♫
♫ My world ♫
♫ Our own new world together ♫
♫ A pair ♫
♫ Matters at all ♫
Mom.
[Next Episode]
There's something I need to tell you, ma'am.
I'm in love with your son.
There's something important I have to say.
From now on,
Nava won't be working here anymore.
And as for you, stay away from him.
Or I'll crush you.
I can't lose someone I love again,
especially not Nava.
I promise I'll protect you
with everything I have.
From now on, I'm going to live with Phraphai.
Phu, I get how you feel.
But you need to calm down, man.
Get out of my way!
Phraphai!
You're going to kill Nava!
Hey! What the hell are you doing?
♫ The sky that seems so far away ♫
♫ And the sea that seems so vast ♫
♫ I just watch the waves all day
Knowing we can never meet ♫
♫ Our hearts that beat as one ♫
♫ But the world will never listen ♫
♫ We're just parallel lines
waiting for a miracle ♫
♫ Though the rules of this world
Forbid us from being one ♫
♫ This love is about you and me
And no one else ♫
♫ We don't have to tell the world
we're in love ♫
♫ We don't have to tell anyone
and make it messy ♫
♫ Let you be my world ♫
♫ Let's live in our own new world together ♫
♫ We don't have to tell the world
we're together ♫
♫ Because none of that matters at all ♫
♫ As long as our hearts are one ♫
♫ As long as you are with me ♫
♫ As long as we love each other ♫
♫ We don't have to tell anyone ♫